Hi, guys, in this lesson, we're going to create a VPC pairing connection between two pieces in two
different accounts, so the configuration is going to be pretty much what we see on the screen here.
We have our management account in our U.S. organization and our production accounts.
And we're going to have a VPC in each using these side of blocks.
And then we're going to create security groups and we're going to specify these particular rules now.
Firstly, let's have a look at how we establish the connection.
We need to establish a parent connection between the VP sales, and we can do that in the console.
Then we need to update the roundtable really important that you have a route to your target.
So the root table for this PPC must specify as a destination the site, a block of the other VPC and
the parent's target.
And then the reverse is true over on the right hand side.
Security group rules will ensure we can use S-H and ICMP to connect, and the way we'll test the connectivity
is to ping from one instance to the other using the private IP address.
And that will show us that we're using the VPC parent connection and not the internet.
Now there is a bit of background work you need to do before we get started.
So unless you want to use the default VPC in your production account, you should create a new VPC using
the same ranges I just showed you.
So from the VPC management console, you're going to want to change to DCT production.
Go to your VP CS and then create a VPC.
Now I've already created mine and I have the values for you in a file.
So just open the code Amazon VPC Custom VPC Dash Perraud file and this is the information you need now.
You know how to do this.
You've done it earlier on in this section.
So just create this VPC and add these subnets at your internet gateway your private roots table, and
then we're good to go.
Now, we don't need all of this for this particular exercise, but let's just create a standard as per
the VPC in our management accounts, and then we might use some of these subnets later on.
So let's get started.
Now I need a couple of pieces of information with my PPC selected in my product counts.
I'm going to copy this on, right?
That's the accounts already, and I'm going to put that into my file.
Next, I need the VPC ID.
And let's put that in the file.
Now we're going to switch back to the management account.
Let's go to pairing connections.
Great pairing connection.
We need to give it a name, let's just call it my peer.
Select the local BBC, which is my BBC.
We can choose another account rather than my accounts, and copy this account like they were pasted
in.
We're going to stick to the same region, but we need the VPC I.D. on the upper end as well.
So that's the one that we copied here.
So let's copy that to our clipboards, paste it in and create the pairing connection.
So it says here a VPC pairing connection PC and that it's got a number.
My here has been requested.
The owner of the remote VPC must accept the pairing connection.
So let's go back and do that.
Let's go to DCC production.
Go to pairing connections and we can see the request pending acceptance.
So just select sit on the left and then go to actions except request.
And we can accept that one, and that's done.
Now, one of the things we're going to need to test is going to be an easy two instance.
So let's launch an easy to instance.
But before we actually launch that one, I'm going to create the security group.
The security group is going to be called VPC Dash Prod.
And these are the rules we're going to set up.
So let's create a security group.
Give it a name.
Let us put that in the description as well.
Choose the correct VPC, and the outbound rule is fine.
For now, all we need is the inbound rules to be set up.
The first rule I'm going to set up is ICMP IPv4, so all ICMP that's going to allow ping requests and
it's going to come from send out 0.02 zero slash 16.
The next rule is S-H.
You can even do custom TCP and put it in the port range or choose a and it'll do it for you.
And same as the one above.
We just want to give it the same addresses.
So this should allow inbound connections from the VPC in the other account and the management account
using from any IP address in the entire side of block.
So we can save the security group.
Now let's launch an instance that uses that security group.
So I'm going to launch an instance.
It's going to be then it's two.
Am I to micro?
Make sure you select your VPC.
I'm going to put it into my public subnet public one.
I let's click on next.
Go through two security group and we're going to select a security group and that's going to be VP of
product.
Click on review and launch and launch.
If you don't have a keeper for this region, which I don't at this stage, then I'm going to create
a new one.
I've called it fraud and they all download that keeper and then launch my instance.
So now let's go back in the U.S. to management console, to the management account, in the management
account.
We need to set up this security group, and we're going to assign that to one of all instances in the
public subnet.
So in this account, we've got two instances running.
Let's go to security groups.
Create a security group.
It's called VPC pair.
That's MGM.
Say I'll put the same in the description.
Select the correct VPC and then let's add the same rules as before.
This time, the block is going to be 10. 1.0 2.0 slash 16.
So now we have the same protocol specified, so we should be able to connect from the prod VPC to the
management of using these protocols as well.
So let's create that security group.
Go back to instances public one a actions security, change security groups and we're going to add in
VP Dash, MGM say.
And the reason I'm not going to remove public web is because we have a role in there allowing access
from the internet support port 22, which we need, for instance, connect.
So with those two added, let's save the security group configuration, and the very last thing that
we don't want to forget is all round tables.
So let's go and do that now back in the VPC console for my management account.
I'm going to go to my main roundtable, choose routes, edit, add.
This one's going to be ten point 1.0 8.0 slash 16.
And it's going to go over a period connection.
We've only got one of those and it's called my PR..
So let's save that switch across to the DCT production accounts.
We need to choose the main mount table.
I didn't label this one.
Let's do it now, but I can see that it's attached to my VPC.
So let's go to routes, edit routes and and this one should be for 10 dot 0.00 slash 16.
And again, we're going to specify pairing connection.
It's going to see the same pairing connection and we can save changes.
So that's it.
Hopefully, it's all set up now.
We've updated our route tables.
We've got these two security groups with rules so that we should be able to use these protocols based
on our private IP addresses.
So that's that's the real test here is to use private IP addresses to see if we can connect.
We can definitely ping via the public IP, so if we got our security group rules set up correctly,
but we want to do it by private IP because that shows that rather than going out to an internet gateway,
we're sticking within the private space across the peering connection back in easy to let's select the
instance idea.
We want to copy the private IP address.
I'm going to just put that into my file here and coming back here.
Let's switch to the management accounts.
Choose the public one I instance, connect by instance, connect and let me just try and remember this
IP 10 one one two two one.
So let's ping ten point one to one two two one and hit enter.
And then we go.
We get a response that's across accounts.
And it's also across regions and it shows we've got this bi directional traffic going between these
two pieces.
The other protocol we enabled was S-H.
So let's just make sure that we can create an SSL connection, send all 1.1 Dot two to one and we can.
Now, I'm not actually going to log in because I would need my keeper and I'd need to specify some more
details as well.
But I just want to see that the port is open, and that shows that the security groups are set up correctly,
as well as the underlying networking to allow this traffic over private IP addresses.
So that's really it for this lesson.
Now, the only other thing you might want to do is you could practice by doing the same thing and extending
this configuration through to your instance in your private subnet.
Use your public subnet instance as a bastion host, you might have to use agent forwarding and then
make sure you can connect buy directly from there as well.
So that's just an additional bit of fun that you might want to have if you want to practice a bit more.
So now that we've finished with this lab, we can actually terminates all instance in the private subnet.
We didn't use that in this lab unless you carried on with the configuration, but we will leave the
public instance running for now.
So let's terminate this instance, and then you should go over to your production environment as well
and terminate your in-situ instance there.
And then we're all cleaned up.